happily married and I only have one
person I don't food is like a woman food
is like a beautiful one and I'm 21 and
single how can I resist I just got home
from my speed-dating class the one that
teaches us how to choose the right girl
in 10 seconds or less and yes I'm lonely
until the class sucks I head out coffee
at the local bar bucks because I can't
afford Starbucks sitting alone waiting
to get picked up by a man that will love
her food was like a woman to me and I'm
and singing as I walk towards her I
smell her sweet perfume of chicken and
fries she has mouth-watering eyes her
skin is tan and fry
face sulky pain so he tells me of a tale
of being alone and I just wish that
someone could afford to take it home I
reach in my pocket see how much change I
hope how many people she is sold organic
it appears that I have nothing for the
speech of love or two legs two thousand
two breasts of mine but mike has been
seasoned with spices of the truth and
live who can tell she doesn't hang out
the small prize catch it's all thing and
she wants me to save her her flame
afraid for anyone to see how the
beautiful piece of me ended up with me I
back up and take it to the car and I'm
twenty-one single and lonely confused on
what a real woman lives never really had
one spend the night let alone be my girl
I've seen in plain daylight I guess you
can say I've never been in the play of
play attacked we reach my apartment and
we step in she has managed to step out
of the bag and standing in front of me
wearing nothing with her emotions
attached to me pertains now my pain and
all I'm gonna do is make it better do we
make for something happy I'm finger rub
and place it on the kitchen counter as I
hover over I asked again how can I
resist a treat such as this and I'm 21
single oh so hungry
I'm all too ready to devour her with
disses and bites but something is not
right no not here not on the kitchen
counter we head over to the dining room
table
it's like an attractive woman to me and
I'm 21 and single I set the mood right
with candles and then decide to finish
the night with her in bed watching I
fall asleep with a smile on my face who
looks like a beautiful sexy woman and
I'm 21 naive and sting I wake up the
next morning in complete love turn it
over only to find out food is a ho
because you only wanted me for one night
til the next time that she wants me for
one night
meanwhile I have a full stomach and a
basket full of emotions that she's left
behind when you stuck together what am I
to do how do I resist her when she comes
knocking at my door
smelling like ham and turkey tomorrow
night how about slamming her face you
ever remain celibate from her lust how
do I stop eating when I'm not hungry
well I've been fighting these demons all
my life will I ever break well I haven't
had peace will she ever stop knocking at
my door but I had to stop letting her in
food is a woman and I'm forever 21 but
ever stupid forever young forever
getting fooled by the same tricks
looking for a taste of her love whenever
she comes over